#mentalhealth #justathought

Loneliness is not a feeling or a mental disorder especially the loneliness felt at nights, that craving for someone special by our side to brush our hair, or to cuddle with us. Well I think it is a form of Fear of Missing Out (FOMO), Its has its roots grounded into our daily lives. There are many cues that trigger this feeling of loneliness in us. The major role goes to social media especially  the ones which have short form content or a status sharing system like instagram. Instagram plays a very important role in our lives, from the start of the day till the sleep one using it as a form of entertainment. But this FOMO triggers only when its night here's why.

At night we are all by ourselves and vulnerable, before starting to see the reels we are fine and happy we are still thinking we dont like anyone yada yada yada. But once the cue, of seeing a "couple", "cute", what resembles the brain of love and affection we start to crave for it. At that moment we dont think about anything else or we have anyone else to share this with. So we overthink and end up feeling "Oh wish even i had someone like this", If the person is committed they think "Oh wish i could do this with him/her". This then leads to them again scrolling and the vicious cycle continues becoming more and more lonely. 

I think a big reason behind "Love Suicide" is also this  loneliness factor, or the fear of missing out. Ones the already heart broken is alone in their room, they see these things and start to recall all the memories or their "Loved-One" with this comes the bad part of rejection/cheating which is too hard to bear in their mind. Even tho it is a small thing for the outside world for them at the moment its a huge problem in their mind. They find ways to forget this thought, but as the saying goes "Make a monkey not think about banana and its the only thing it will think off " they end up killing themselves to get rid of that thought. A human body and the brain are mechanisms that do not allow destruction of themselves, but at that point nothing can be done as they are thinking of that situation and making a big thing in their head.

For the outside viewer it might seem like "eh why did he/she kill themselves, didnt they hav one reason to live for". For us who have a will to live dont think about reasons to die but for them that one reason's intensity with their loneliness is enough to make them take the step