#psycology 

Love is a form of protective nature which help survive and reproduce, its a evolutionary name for the cluster of feelings like affection, care, jealousy and belonging. It in itself is not considered a core feeling and its loosely used in the native style. There are different types of love everything from mother-child love to a sexually romantic love. People says its blinding and has no bounds, but scientifically speaking its just a bunch of chemical release like Oxycontin, serotonin and dopamine to drive us further and reproduce. There are no actual higher order motives, so technically speaking love is a waste of time and effort.

The first time a person feels this cluster, around the age of 14 to 18 (puberty), they sense something called "butterflies in stomach", its a wonderful moment and then the brain release dopamine and it starts to crave for this hit again `Love is an addiction`. It hard to overcome as it is not even considered as addiction, studies show that the same chemicals are released during both "love" and while doing "drugs". Here i'm talking about the tension between the 2 opposite genders. Other forms of love like mother-child is encourage as it helps the growth of a healthy and mentally stable child.

Attachment on the other hand is sort of the toned down version of love, its a subset of love. Even though people may not love each other but they may be attached to each other emotionally, physically or physiologically. Its form of depends on others. Its commonly seen even in apes, as humans are social animals attachments are sure to come to better survival. But till what extent is it consider safe for one and what is over attachment (aka Attachment Issues) ? 